h1. Summary
{panel}
* *Status:* {excerpt}Portlet is dropped automatically when exceeds screen's border (using IE7){excerpt}
* *CCP Issue:* [CCP-499@JIRA], Product Jira Issue:[PORTAL-3823@JIRA]
* *Complexity:* N/A
{panel}

h1. The Proposal

h2. Problem description
{panel}
*What is the problem to fix?*
* When edit page and edit current portal, if moving portlet outside page border, it is dropped automatically.
{panel}

h2. Fix description
{panel}
*How is the problem fixed?*
* Only allow drop event after drag event.
* In IE, keep dragging after moving mouse out of browser.
{panel}

*Patch information:*
{panel}

Patch file:
PORTAL-3823.patch
{panel}

h2. Tests to perform

{panel}
*Which test should have detected the issue?*
\* When moving portlet outside page border, it is dropped automatically.
To reproduce the problem, you should follow this steps:
1- Using IE7, Edit the current layout of acme site
2- Drag Document Portlet to the right. It is dropped whenever the screen border are exceeded (not where the user expects).

In FF, the behavior is different. The portlet is not dropped while it is not inside screen border.


*Is a test missing in the TestCase file?*
\*

*Added UnitTest?*
\*No

*Recommended Performance test?*
\*no

{panel}

h2. Documentation changes

{panel}
*Where is the documentation for this feature?*
\*No

*Changes Needed:*
\*No

{panel}

h2. Configuration changes

{panel}
*Is this bug changing the product configuration?*
\*No

*Describe configuration changes:*
\*No

*Will previous configuration continue to work?*
\*Yes

{panel}

h2. Risks and impacts

{panel}
*Is there a risk applying this bug fix?*
\*No

*Can this bug fix have an impact on current client projects?*
\*No

*Is there a performance risk/cost?*
\*No

{panel}


h1. Validation By PM & Support

{panel}
*PM Comment*
\*
{panel}

{panel}
*Support Comment*
\*
{panel}


h1. QA Feedbacks

{panel}
*Performed Tests*
\*

{panel}
{panel}
{panel} 
